As long as you get rid of that evil sin
It's not necessarily a bad thing for you
You are sure to get rid of this evil sin
Of course, but now I need to find someone.
This person lives in Xujialou in the border town
His name is Xu Youde
As long as you find him
Maybe it can solve the curse of Fengmen Village
OK
Seventh uncle, right?
I'll give you 100 million.
As long as you can get rid of this evil crime in Fengmen Village
As for the person you mentioned
I'm afraid you'll have to find it yourself
But
I can send my helicopter to take you to Border Town
OK, that's a deal.
Xiao Li left my album for him
Yes
7 days is 7 days
If you still can't figure it out
You're fucking dead
Let's go wait
Why did you regret it?
The evil spirit said
If the live stream cannot continue
He's going to kill more people
So I'm programming these days.
The live stream must continue
I hope it is convenient for you to choose the boss.
Seventh Uncle, that Boss Xu is black and white
Big shot who eats it all?
You must get rid of that evil sin, right?
Otherwise I'm really dead
Master, do you really want Yuqing to live stream?